<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>
        <title>Facelet Title</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <p:layout fullPage="true">
            <p:layoutUnit position="center">
       
        <br/><b>The Sahara plugin provision Hadoop on Openstack.</b><br/>
        <b>What is Hadoop?</b><br/>
        To simplify cluster provisioning the concept of templates are used.
        There are two kinds of templates: Node Template and Cluster Template.
        Templates has parameters that the user can set. This template is used to
        launch and configure the hadoop cluster. The templates can be reused for
        launching the clusters. <br/>
       
        Currently two version of hadoop are supported. v1.2.1 and v2.3.0
        
        <br/><b>What is a Node Template?.</b><br/>
        Node templates are the means by which the user can specifies which hadoop 
        process are running in the cluster.
        
        <br/>In the hadoop v1.2.1 user can specify
        NameNode,DataNode,SecondaryNameNode,Oozie, TaskTracker,JobTracker,HiveServer 
        
        <br/>In Hadoop v2.3.0
        NameNode,DataNode,ResourceManager,NodeManager,HistoryServer.
        
        
        
        <br/><b>What is a Cluster Template?</b><br/>
        Cluster template specifies the number of nodes in the cluster. 
       
        The cluster template specified should be consistent.
        
        <br/>For Hadoop version 1.x.x
        Cluster must contain exactly one namenode
        Cluster can contain at most one jobtracker
        Cluster can contain at most one oozie and this process is also required for EDP
        Cluster can’t contain oozie without jobtraker
        Cluster can’t have tasktracker nodes if it doesn’t have jobtracker
        
        <br/>For Hadoop version 2.x.x
        Cluster must contain exactly one namenode
        Cluster can contain at most one resourcemanager
        Cluster can contain at most one historyserver
        Cluster can contain at most one oozie and this process is also required for EDP
        Cluster can’t contain oozie without resourcemanager and without historyserver
        Cluster can’t have nodemanager nodes if it doesn’t have resourcemanager
        <br/><b>Note</b><br/>
        1. The user has to specify the node template and cluster template and 
        start the cluster. 
        <br/>2.To access the HDFS and Oozie through web interface the ports 50070 and
        50030 should be opened in security rules.
        <br/>3. The number of new floating Ips that can be created should be equal or more
        than the number of the nodes in the cluster. THe floating Ips will  not 
        be reused and hence the user has to delete it after the cluster is deleted.
        <p/>
            </p:layoutUnit>
                        <p:layoutUnit position="west" size="175" header="Left" collapsible="true">
                    <p:menu>
                        <p:submenu label="Resources">
                            <p:menuitem value="Node Template" outcome="NodeTemplate"/>
                             <p:menuitem value="Cluster Template" outcome="ClusterTemplate" />
                            <p:menuitem value="Manage Cluster" outcome="ManageCluster" />
                            <p:menuitem value="ShowPlugin" outcome="ShowPlugin" />

                        </p:submenu>

                    </p:menu>
                </p:layoutUnit>
        </p:layout>
    </h:body>
</html>

